RTN_Week5.md, before:

# Road to Nowhere - Week 5

This week we had to create a static webpage for our transport site.  The page we chose to create the static mockup of, was naturally our homepage. We also have a few other tentative powerpoint mockups of additional pages the site contains. 

![Static home page screenshot](images/blog/Week5/Screenshot.PNG)

As shown in the mock-up from last week, our static home page contains a navigation bar as well as a notification system for the major delays on certain lines, however there is only a couple njotifications at the current moment as placeholders. We decided to stay with  our original font choice as it helps convey the convenience and inevitable calmness of knowing whats going on around you relative to transport issues.

![Static about page screenshot](images/blog/Week5/About%20page.PNG)

Another mockup static page which was created was the About page, which we are intending to have communicate to potential users the benefits of using our system over the standard ptv counterparts.

Link to webpage : INSERT LINK WHEN DONE

![Mockup for the sign-up page](images/blog/Week5/Login%20Signup%20page.jpg)

We have a couple mockups above for other possible pages our site may contain, hoewever these are still a work in progress and in no way final.


Comment on mockups

Commit message:

Added more mockup
Added more mockup images
Continue button oaragraph needs finishing
Perhaps more mockup comments?

RTN_Week5.md, after:

# Road to Nowhere - Week 5

This week we had to create a static webpage for our transport site.  The page we chose to create the static mockup of, was naturally our homepage. We also have a few other tentative powerpoint mockups of additional pages the site contains. 

![Static home page screenshot](images/blog/Week5/Screenshot.PNG)

As shown in the mock-up from last week, our static home page contains a navigation bar as well as a notification system for the major delays on certain lines, however there is only a couple njotifications at the current moment as placeholders. We decided to stay with  our original font choice as it helps convey the convenience and inevitable calmness of knowing whats going on around you relative to transport issues.

The page is pretty self-explanatory in its expected implementation, with Home redirecting to the current page, being mainly for usage on seperate pages. The about button is expected to take you to the mockup about page below, which are currently unlinked. Login and signup take you to seperate login/register screens depending upon user selection. Post having loggged in a page with bookmarked routes would be displayed indicating all delays relative to the user.

The continue button would ?????

![Static about page screenshot](images/blog/Week5/About%20page.PNG)

Another mockup static page which was created was the About page, which we are intending to have communicate to potential users the benefits of using our system over the standard ptv counterparts.

Link to webpage : INSERT LINK WHEN DONE

![Mockup for the sign-up page](images/blog/Week5/Login%20Signup%20page.jpg)

![Mockup for the map page](images/blog/Week5/Map%20mockup.jpg)

![Mockup for the subscription page](images/blog/Week5/Subscriptions%20mockup.jpg)



We have a couple mockups above for other possible pages our site may contain, hoewever these are still a work in progress and are in no way final.


Comment on mockups
